W-19994561 Add PII policy (#950)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.11/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-included-mcp-pii-detector.adoc

= MCP Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Detector Policy
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images
:keywords: api gateway, flex gateway, gateway, policy

> 

Reviewer: This topic should have an intro (summary). You could do the exercise from our short description workshop! :-D

Reviewer: Unless this is some kind of pattern for your doc set?

Author: Yeah, this is the pattern we use, maybe it's time to take a look at it.

[width="100%", cols="5,15"]
|===
>s| Policy Name | MCP PII Detector Policy
>s|Summary      | Blocks elicitation responses containing personally identifiable information (PII) from reaching MCP servers
>s|Category | MCP
>s|First Flex Gateway version available | v1.9.3
>s| Returned Status Codes | No return codes exist for this policy. The policy reports a policy violation when PII is detected.
|===

== Summary

The MCP PII Detector policy blocks elicitation responses containing personally identifiable information (PII) from reaching MCP servers. 

When PII is detected in the elicitation response `result` field, the policy:

* Reports a policy violation.

> * Sends a modified response to the MCP server that notes the request was declined and includes the reason being `PII data requested or found in user response`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sends a modified response to the MCP server that the request was declined and includes the message `PII data requested or found in user response`.
```

Reviewer: Or something

The policy doesn't send a response to the client when PII is detected.

> The policy only scans JSON-RPC responses that contain a `result` field, which represents user responses to MCP server elicitation prompts. JSON-RPC requests with a `method` field aren't scanned and continue normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy only scans JSON-RPC responses that contain a `result` field. JSON-RPC requests with a `method` field are ignored.
```

Reviewer: Totally optional to reword but I found it a little bit confusing as written.

== Configuring Policy Parameters

include::partial$policy-title-headers.adoc[tag=configFileTitleOnly]

The MCP PII Detector policy isn't supported in Local Mode.

include::partial$policy-title-headers.adoc[tag=ui]

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]

|===
| Element | Description
|  Entities| Array that defines the types of PII to detect. You can select multiple PII types. Supported values are `Email`, `US SSN`, `Credit Card`, `Phone Number`.
 + 
For more information, see <<pii-types>>.
|===

[[pii-types]]
=== PII Types

> When you configure an MCP PII Detector policy, you can choose which types of PII to detect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure an MCP PII Detector policy, you can choose which types of PII to detect:
```

> The following table describes the type of PII this policy can detect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I would just remove Line 53.

[%header,cols='1a,5a'] 
|===
|PII Type
|Description

|Email
|Standard email addresses such as `User.Name+tag@example.com`

|US SSN

> |United States Social Security Numbers (SSNs) in the standard format: `XXX-XX-XXXX` where each `X` is a digit. For example: `123-45-6789`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|United States Social Security Numbers (SSNs) in the standard format: `XXX-XX-XXXX` where each `X` is a digit. For example, `123-45-6789`.
```

|Credit Card

> |Credit card numbers in the form of four groups of four digits, separated by optional spaces or hyphens. Examples: `1234-5678-9012-3456`, `1234 5678 9012 3456`, or `1234567890123456`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Credit card numbers in the form of four groups of four digits, separated by optional spaces or hyphens. For example,`1234-5678-9012-3456`, `1234 5678 9012 3456`, or `1234567890123456`.
```

|Phone Number

> |United States phone numbers in various formats, with or without country code, parentheses, spaces, hyphens, or dots. Examples: `123-456-7890`, `(123) 456-7890`, `123.456.7890`, `+1 123 456 7890`, or `1234567890`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|United States phone numbers in various formats, with or without country code, parentheses, spaces, hyphens, or dots. For example, `123-456-7890`, `(123) 456-7890`, `123.456.7890`, `+1 123 456 7890`, or `1234567890`.
```
